16oz Clear Cups or Tal Glasses

Most of the recipes listed are suitable for 16oz drinks, and it is in clear plastic cups that iced bubble tea is drunk through. Not only are clear cups cheap, durable and recyclable, but they allow you to easily see where the last of your tapioca pearls are hiding! Of course, for hot bubble tea drinks, you'l want glasses that are a tal, but more heat resistant.

Dome Lids

If not already supplied with the aforementioned cups, consider investing in dome-shaped lids for your homemade bubble tea. These types of lids tend to offer a much wider opening for your straw than flat lids - essential for inserting and wiggling the fat straw you'l need to attack your bubble tea effectively.

Fat Straws

Bubble teas are traditional y sucked through extra large straws. This is to al ow easy consumption of the tapioca pearls, which would otherwise lay uneaten at the bottom of the glass. A pack of 50 "fat" bubble tea straws wil set you back as little as $3.49 on Amazon.com and other websites. They are manufactured in lots of bright colors, which is great if you want to get your kids involved in bubble tea.

WARNING: Tapioca pearls shoot up through fat straws into your mouth as you drink bubble tea, and do come with a slight risk of choking, especialy for children. If you don't want to go with straws, feel free to use a spoon as an alternative method to scoop out your tapioca pearls.

Cocktail Shaker or Thermos Flask To combine bubble tea ingredients and create the bubbly froth needed to complete the drink, many recipes involve the use of a cocktail shaker (or Thermos flask as an alternative) to vigorously mix the ingredients together.

Blender / Food Processor

Especialy for cold bubble tea recipes, you'l need an blender or ice crusher to mix up al of the ingredients.

Optional: Bubble Tea Powder

Bubble tea powders come in a wide array of colors and flavors and one scoop is usual y enough to add sufficient taste to your drink. Varieties of bubble tea powder include chocolate, coconut, passion fruit, raspberry, peach, watermelon, and strawberry. Be aware that bubble tea mixes contain a lot of sugar, powdered creamer, high fructose corn syrup, and artificial coloring, making them a lot less healthy than using natural ingredients, as in al of the fol owing recipes.